I mentioned in the last lecture that adding a polyfill file makes sense because it allows us to use fetch
on any browser and we want to use fetch and therefore not fallback to then old Ajax request
in our main Javascript files because in modern browsers, we then can also react or own fetch events
in the service worker.
Remember that we have an event listener for fetch events,
well what are we doing here?
We're sending a request with fetch.
This will also trigger the fetch event in the service worker.
So as I mentioned earlier, the fetch listener is triggered whenever the HTML file fetches data,
for example one of our Javascript files or an image,
these are all implicit fetch requests
but also if we manually send a fetch request in a Javascript file,
so here with the fetch API and I can prove this to you. If we have a look at our console log with a lot
of fetch statements there,
now one of the last fetch statements here should relate to our own fetch request we sent, can be tricked to find
one but actually this one here is a promising one because if we inspect that, we see that the request
object in there actually has a URL of httpbin.org/psot,
so you might need to click too through some of these statements to find one fitting to your own
fetch statements but this one is one in my case. This is triggered from the service worker,
it's printing out the request we send and it's letting the request pass
because we don't do anything else with it in the service worker
but we see that the methods post and that the URL is the URL we're sending the requests
to.
So that proves that we can also catch or listen, react to our own fetch requests in the service worker,
something which will become important later in the course again.
So with that, the basics of promises and fetch should be set,
let's continue in the course.